Only the rich can do business
in this country.
Because there are huge pitfalls
along this road.
A trader or a businessman
can easily fall into them.
It's impossible to run a business
on this road with honesty and hard work.
But there is a way...
...a shortcut.
Which goes via
Delhi's parliament house.
With connections, you
can get anything done.
What's important is,
who are your connections...
...and how high up they are.
The more influential they are...
...the higher your business will soar.
I have also paid my respects
in the power portals of Delhi.
My relationship with Delhi
is old and very deep.
During the 91 elections...
...we gave a lot of donation
to the party.
Large sums.
And everyone is aware of this, from the
party's advisor to the Prime Minister.
And so when the by-election dates
were declared...
...I spoke to Sahab.
And I went to pay my respects to him.
Indrajit Sharma.
Joint secretary to PM.
He was the one who
fixed the meeting.
The date was 4th November, 1991.
[Harshad]'I was wondering
why would the Prime Minister meet me?'
'What will he talk to me about?'
But he knew everything about me.
As soon as he met me, he said...
..."Harshad, our party has seen
you people like our friends."
"And together we can do bigger things."
But today, the police, CBI...
...and every other agency of the
government is only after one man.
Harshad Mehta.
Why? Because I've done a scam?
No. The reason is that...
...I know a lot about
the country's Prime Minister...
...and about many
others in this party.
And I know the truth.
Riots are going on because of
the Babri Masjid demolition...
...but my family is more
scared of the CBI than the riots.
CBI can do anything to me
and my family.
I am shooting this video so that,
if something happens to me...
...people should know
who is behind it.
[Title Montage]
[Bhushan coughing]
What are you doing, Mishra?
How much did you hit him?
Is your brain between your legs?
[Madhavan] 'Look at his face.
It's tilted like 6:05 on a clock.'
Bhushan ji is not a goon.
If he spoke clearly, I'd let him go.
But he's not willing to talk.
What do I say?
In what language should I speak?
Do you people even
understand anything?
Bhushan ji, you're not a goon.
You're a p**p.
You and your boss
have turned the market into a br***el.
[Madhavan] 'Right?'
And who understands
what a p**p says?
Only the prostitutes.
Look at them.
Do they look like prostitutes?
Talk in a language that
they'll understand.
- This is the language of the business...
- Shut up!
Business... business... business!
Do you think we are a******s!
We know what business you do.
Look at them.
Look at their faces.
They have just one goal
and that is to sc**w Harshad Mehta.
But that is not happening,
so till then...
...we'll sc**w you. Got it?
If you've understood...
Start talking.
'Talk', 'Talk'..?
What should I say?
[CBI Officer] 'Lower your voice!'
You seem angry.
Don't get mad, Bhushan ji.
That's our job.
Go and get a towel. Get a towel.
Look how much he's sweating.
You have beaten him to a pulp!
[Madhavan] 'Don't get angry.'
Get the towel.
Wipe your face.
[Madhavan] 'Go on, wipe your face.'
What is this?
[Madhavan laughs]
What happened? Did you piss on it?
Are you the CBI, or a pack of dogs?
You piss wherever you like.
I asked you to wet the towel
with water, not with piss.
You don't even know how to interrogate.
At least, ask the right questions.
We are asking the wrong questions,
is it? Okay.
We'll ask the right question.
Mishra ji, what's the right
question these days?
[Mishra] 'Ilu, Ilu...'
Ilu, Ilu.
What is Ilu, Ilu?
Right. Should I ask you that?
What the f**k is Ilu Ilu?
Should I ask you that question?
Will you answer that?
F*****g p**p.
For now I've only wiped your
face with piss.
If you act smart,
I'll piss on your face.
When Harshad finds out,
he'll make everyone pay for it.
Let me get out of here.
Delhi is in his pocket.
Yes, Harshad is the boss, right?
He has Delhi in his pocket.
I'll put all his p***ps from Delhi
behind bars too, got it?
Would you put the Prime Minister...
...behind bars too?
Step outside.
What did you say?
What about the Prime Minister?
Are you out of your mind, Madhavan?
Do you have any idea
what you're saying?
Sir, why do you look surprised?
It's not like we've found
water on the moon, sir.
This, we have known all along...
...that Harshad might have
big political connections. That's it.
One of Harshad's men tells you
that the PM backs him.
So, you're going to raid 7 RCR now?
Huh?
What's this obsession that you have
with Prime Ministers?
Sir, from my previous experiences,
I know...
...that it's not possible to raid
7, Race Course Road.
But sir, we can start a primary enquiry.
At least that.
- Madhavan, y-you're not serious.
- I'm serious, sir.
And my sense of humour is completely apolitical
and this case is turning political.
[Madhavan] 'Just hear me out, sir.'
I'm 100 percent sure, Bhushan Bhatt
can be our approver.
If we host him a bit more,
he'll start singing all the details.
[Madhavan] 'It's done.'
You need to slow down, Madhavan.
[Das] 'Let me think it through.'
Slow down, sir?
We are almost there.
This is the list of assets
that the custodian has asked for.
I'll give it to the jailer. Sign them.
Properties, cars, shares...
Bhai, they've have attached
everything.
Have they attached the Lexus too?
Don't think about it.
Once you are out,
we'll deal with everyone.
Don't worry.
Any news from Swami ji?
We have given him a lot of money.
He who eats, gets the crop.
He who reaps, gets God.
Whenever I call Swami ji,
his disciples say he is meditating.
That he will call back.
I don't know how long
he is going to meditate.
Now, not another penny to anyone.
Enough is enough.
Tell those p**ps from Delhi...
- ...that I won't remain mum for long.
- It'll be fine. It will all be fine.
Don't worry.
Take care of yourse...
Based on a statement
made by a criminal or an accused...
...CBI will question
the Prime Minister of this country...
...would that be appropriate?
Swami ji, even if we explain
this to Madhavan and stop him...
...this won't end here.
Das, when a question has
many answers...
...suspicion is always
on the one giving the answers.
[swami] 'And in this entire fraud,
In this scam...'
'...every question should lead
to only one answer.'
Harshad Mehta.
This is the one answer...
...that will be appreciated by both,
the public and the parliament.
But I don't know if Madhavan
will agree to this.
Are you the chief of CBI,
or Madhavan?
[Swami] 'And one more
important thing.'
That journalist...
Sucheta... Sucheta Dalal.
Please keep an eye on her too.
There is someone
who is telling her things...
...she shouldn't know.
I think someone is following us.
Sir, I need to talk to you.
Yes.
A few of my men have been asked
to keep an eye on some journalist, sir.
-[Das] 'Journalist?'
- Sucheta Dalal.
But that's not the point, sir.
The point is...
...that my manpower is being used
for something absolutely unnecessary and trivial.
Your manpower?
Madhavan, let's get this thing
very clear first.
They are not your men.
They are CBI officers.
I'm aware of that, sir.
After so many years in service,
I'm well aware of that.
But the point is, the case that
these officers are working on...
- I'm the investigating officer of that case...
- They're simply following my orders.
Okay?
Okay.
In that case, sir,
I want to repeat that...
...it's a complete waste of time
and resources.
Madhavan...
- Sir.
- You know...
I really like you.
I really like the way you're dedicated
towards this case.
And I also know that you're the best
in our department.
But please...
Please try to understand.
I'm trying to get this
investigation back on the track.
Sir, the investigation never went off track.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- For God's sake, Madhavan.
This is a financial scam!
Because of your personal vendetta,
you're unnecessarily trying...
...to make this political.
Personal vendetta, sir?
How? How is it personal?
You just cannot drag an innocent
prime minister into this mess.
Don't drag his name just because
he was not happy with you...
...the way you handled Bofors.
Do you have any proof against the PM
in this scam?
Tell me.
You're just going by
what some lackey told you?
He's trying to divert this case,
try to understand.
You simply focus on Harshad,
that's it.
Sir... such a huge scam...
...such a huge financial fraud, that
we're still only estimating the numbers...
And you're trying to tell me
that Harshad pulled it off on his own!
Without any support, sir?
I think from now,
I should be taking charge of this case.
- Sorry, sir?
-[Das] 'Yes.'
'I should be taking charge
of this case.'
Madhavan, I believe you have had
a wonderful career in CBI.
I don't want this case to be a personal
embarrassment for you and CBI, both.
I get it, sir.
Sir, I am not very fond
of being embarrassed either.
But I just want to tell you
one thing.
Embarrassment is going to be
your lot, sir.
People will call you a parrot.
A parrot.
What do you mean by that?
What do I mean? Parrot?
Sir, the order has come
from someplace else.
You're just repeating them.
And a parrot often repeats
whatever its master speaks.
You're a caged parrot, sir.
I'll make it easier for you, sir.
I will leave.
I'm not the ass who will listen
to a parrot.
I'll send you my resignation.
Have a good day, sir.
Listen, Madhavan...
Think about what you will tell the press,
because that is going to be difficult.
How are you going to explain
to them...
...why the investigating officer
of this case was compelled to leave...
...right in the middle
of the investigation?
[Madhavan] 'What will you say?'
Or learn the master's answer by rote
and repeat it like a parrot.
And sir, one more thing.
A parrot is also referred to, as
his masters voice.
So if the press refers to you as
his masters voice, don't get confused.
They still mean you.
[swami] 'His sudden resignation
can raise some difficult questions.'
No. That's not a problem.
I'll tell the press...
...that he was disappointed
because his promotion didn't go through.
That's why he resigned.
[swami] 'That makes sense. Hari om.'
I'll prescribe you some medicines,
take them regularly.
How will medicines help, Doctor?
Look at the state of this place.
[Harshad] 'So many days in here
have totally f****d me.'
You had said it's easy to get bail
in such cases.
Mr. Mehta, don't worry.
CBI has given an undertaking
to the special court judge...
...that their investigation
can only go on till 30th July.
- You're free to go after that.
- You're sure, right?
Yes. I've seen the undertaking.
That's good.
I'll celebrate my birthday at home.
I have never stayed...
...away from home for so long.
Look...
We have Harshad's custody
till the 30th of July.
But we have to make sure
that we have him for...
...another fortnight at least.
Do one thing, file as many
FIRs as possible, against him.
[CBI officer] 'Okay, sir.'
The UCO bill discounting case,
the PFC deal...
File FIRs in all cases.
Then go to the courts and tell them
we are investigating 15 to 16 banks...
...and we need Harshad
in that connection.
I hope Justice Variava will agree.
[CBI officer] 'Okay, sir. What do we do with
Bhushan Bhatt?'
Bhushan Bhatt... will not go
against Harshad.
He's very loyal. And we don't have
much against him.
So, let's not waste time on him.
[CBI Officer] 'Okay, sir.'
[door bell ringing]
No...
Wait, have some patience.
Harshad?
CBI has asked for custody.
[Ashwin] 'Another 15 days.'
What happens next,
we'll only know on the 13th.
It's been two months, and they are
still not done with their interrogation?
They are not holding him
for interrogation anymore.
They're troubling him.
They are pressurising him
to confess.
They want him to admit
that it's his mistake.
Bhabhi, there's a notice
in your name too.
In my name?
Yes, it's a tax order
in your and Harshad's names.
How much is the order for?
[Ashwin] 'Ten thousand... crores.'
All the banks we investigated...
...their books have
one name in common.
Harshad Mehta.
Sooner or later we are going to
find out...
...how did you manage all of it
on your own.
But it'll be better if you tell us.
Whom did you bribe in these banks?
I haven't bribed anyone
in any of these banks.
Oh, yes! You don't bribe.
You have coined a new term for it,
what was it...
Bankerage, right?
Did you think...
...that because the CBI doesn't
speak your financial language...
...you can take us for a ride
to the moon and back!?
[Das] 'Huh?'
You've conducted such a big fraud...
...that we need an army of accountants
just to get the estimates.
[Das] 'And you're pretending
that you pulled it off...'
'...without any internal support
from these banks.'
I know very well...
...that you had a setting
in every bank.
I didn't have any setting
anywhere.
All your numbers are wrong.
It's all disproportionate.
I don't owe anyone a single penny
and that's the only truth.
Harshad, you're making your life
more and more difficult.
[Das] 'Jail will become
your permanent address.'
[glass shatters]
Is this a way to communicate?
You could have phoned me...
I admit it's the wrong way, Suchetaji.
That's why I apologised on the note.
But I didn't have a choice.
The CBI has eyes on us 24/7.
They might be tapping our phones...
...maybe your phone is also being tapped.
After all, you are connected
with this case too...
...and the government? They are
treating us like terrorists.
I'm scared that CBI might kill
my brother Harshad.
He's in a bad state.
I had to tell someone...
Why me? You could have gone
to any other journalist?
- I'm scared I might lose my brother...
- Why are you telling me this?
You're worried about your brother?
What about those people...
...whose life's savings and families
have been ruined by your brother?
Won't it be better
to write about them?
Please, Suchetaji...
[knock on the door]
[Rahil's wife] 'Open the door, it's me.'
'I'm alone out here.'
Come in quickly.
What are you doing?
Didn't I ask you to
lock the door from outside?
How much longer
will we stay locked in?
What should I do?
Tell me.
Every time I step out,
they harass me for money.
Last time, they threatened to kill me.
No, I know, that they won't kill me.
They'll hand me over to the police.
The police didn't let Harshad go,
what will they do to me?
No, nothing will happen.
- Everything is over.
- No.
- No, really, everything is over.
You're right.
I won't be able to live like this.
- I can't live like this, hiding in fear.
- Rahil...
[Judge] 'Are you sure you have completed
all your investigations?'
[CBI Attorney] 'Yes, sir.'
[Judge] 'Okay, Mr. Mehta,
your bail is sanctioned now.'
[Ashwin] 'Don't worry, okay?
Go out for a few days with Jyoti.'
Mr. Mehta, we are from the
Enforcement Directorate.
We are arresting you for breaking
the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act...
...under section 35 and 62.
- So please...
- Do you have a warrant?
- Arrest him.
- Warrant?
Show us the papers.
Lawyer saheb, talk to them.
So you're saying you don't have
any account in any swiss bank?
No, I don't.
So then, how do you transfer
your money abroad?
- By laundering money?
- What?
We can get the details of your
operator in minutes.
I don't have anybody
who launders money for me.
- So you don't have an operator?
- No, I don't.
Who is this Mohan Lal, then?
One of your ex-employees
took his name...
...didn't you send him there
on the day of the market opening?
Mohanlal S. Mithaiwala.
He is a confectioner.
Not a money launderer.
It's so clear that your source is deaf.
[Das] 'We can't keep Harshad
locked up anymore.'
'He's been in ED's custody
for five weeks.'
It can get tough to answer
the court and the media.
Everyone has been released on bail.
Even the SBI people.
...How much longer can we
keep Harshad locked up?
[Swami] 'Let him go then.'
'If you can't lock him up
physically, so be it...'
'...at least, you can
tie him down mentally.'
'Remind him not to spread
rumours about the Prime Minister.'
'And if he makes
such a mistake again...'
'...he will be accused for so many
more crimes in so many more cases...'
'...that he'll spend 10 to 15 years
in jail.'
- Okay, Swami ji.
- Hari Om.
[crowd] 'Harshad Bhai...'
'Harshad Bhai...'
Harshad Bhai...
Harshad Bhai!
My son!
Let me ward off the evil eye.
Rascals!
How weak you've become...
You couldn't sleep there, right?
I read in the news that you slept
on the floor using shoes as a pillow...
- Oh, Mummy!
- Stop it, Mummy...
- Go, eat something and go to sleep.
- Yes.
I've made lapsi.
porridge
Mummy, please tell me she didn't make
an eggplant mash with lapsi. brinjal/ porridge
Because I have already been mashed.
He hasn't lost his humour.
Go, Jyoti.
'Lots of fruits, Mr. Mehta.'
'You've become quite health conscious.'
Oranges.
These days I'm loving oranges.
Have you ever had prison food?
Have you ever had water there?
Have you ever seen
the inside of a jail?
I don't wish that even for my enemy.
I went in with such pride.
But in four months...
I've been completely deflated.
And then I've understood...
...what "Health is wealth" means.
And I've also understood...
...that I will only have to
help myself.
That's not true.
Your friends helped you
when you needed it.
Harshad, you came to Delhi
and didn't tell me?
You could've called.
It's strange that I get to know
from others about your arrival.
You only inform your friends
about your plans.
Friends.
- Please have something.
- Thank you. Thank you.
It's good for calcium,
you should have.
Your friends from the JPC
have also summoned me.
And what a coincidence...
You thought of me at the exact
same time.
Before I appear at the parliamentary
committee, you appeared here.
I realise. At the JPC...
...if any names pop up,
the PM...
...and Swami ji
will be in trouble.
[Harshad] 'Tell me something.'
Are they worried for me
or themselves?
Harshad, a lot of names have
already been taken before the JPC.
There shouldn't be any more names.
It's in everybody's best interest.
Especially yours.
Right.
I won't take any names.
As long as you keep protecting me.
Of course, Harshad.
Okay, I'll say what you
came here to say.
I won't mention the Prime Minister.
You see, after these
so-called revelations...
...various people have given
various names to the scam.
Initially,
it was called the stock scam.
Brokers didn't like it so they called it
the bank scam.
But I will tell you what it is.
It is the Citi scam.
Citibank is the beehive of all
the illegal activities in the system.
Let's just look at
our Indian money markets.
In the Indian money market, foreign banks
like Citibank rule as they wish.
And they mint a ton of money.
Citibank has all the money...
...to buy every new issue
of every government bonds.
They have the lion's share
in the market.
So once they corner all the securities,
all the small players are at their mercy.
And that's not all.
Citibank makes sure...
...that it maintains a dominant
position in the market.
And how do they do it?
By exploiting the loopholes
in the system...
By violating RBI guidelines...
...and by influencing policy-making
in Delhi...
...through their powerful
advisory boards.
More than 80 percent transactions
have sophisticated syndicates involved.
They don't let outsiders enter.
And they can easily exploit...
...the slow and ignorant
Indian banking system.
No one even understands this.
Very few journalists like
Sucheta Dalal have brought it out.
I'm willing to help.
The whole truth will be out.
I'm ready to cooperate with
all the investigative agencies.
But only if I'm exonerated
from all the charges.
If I was in your shoes...
...to start with,
I'd be looking into PMS deals.
PMS. Portfolio management services...
...of Citibank.
Once you do that you'll realise
why Citibank is the kingpin...
...of all the dubious PMS deals in India.
Mr. Tyagi,
I will not waste time.
Let us get straight to the point.
There are severe allegations
against your bank.
What kind of allegations?
Your bank is involved in irregularities
like other banks.
For example?
Irregularities regarding PMS,
for example...
You can go through all our books.
I have nothing to hide.
In fact, I can personally assist you
to get a better understanding of my books.
All our deals, every single one of them,
are in strict accordance...
...with the guidelines set
by the Reserve bank of India.
We have never flouted a single rule.
You should know that
we have already seen...
...some of your books
and have several issues with it.
But with due respect, sir...
...misunderstandings are natural
in financial matters.
There can be misinterpretation
because of ignorance and...
Are you calling us ignorant,
Mr. Tyagi?
Not at all. I'm sure you all are
very learned men.
But we are also Citibank.
We have been in India since 90 years.
We are very committed
to this country.
We have invested large sums
of money.
We haven't even taken any dividend
for the last four years.
We have nurtured the NRI investment
in this country.
We brought the Digital
equipment corporation to this country.
I don't understand why being
successful is such a crime here.
[engine starting]
[Venkitarajan] 'Are you sure the CBI
is following you?'
[Sucheta] 'Yes, I've seen them
near my house too.'
Then, we can't meet like this.
But there is someone else
who is interested in meeting you.
Needless to say,
this meeting will be unofficial.
Can you go to Delhi today?
I think you should go.
It could be an interesting meeting.
CBI, government and media...
...are after one man.
But I think we should shift
the focus.
Banks, International banks...
...and government-owned
companies.
JPC has limited powers.
And we are not
an investigative body also.
'We have tons of information
but we can do nothing with it.'
Technically, we can't make it public.
But you can find a way
to make it reach your readers.
Once it's out...
...the CBI will have to investigate.
They will have no excuse.
These are not just files,
but the truth of the system. Truth.
But yes, you can only do it
in this room.
You can't take anything
out of this room.
Mr. Singh has more files.
He's getting it in the afternoon.
Here you are. You need anything else,
let me know, okay?
There are some foreign banks who thought
they would get away with anything.
They made a mockery of bank receipts and did not
even maintain proper records for verification.
Some of the documents of bulk
of their securities deals are...
...conveniently missing.
You can check all the papers
and ask me anything you like.
[Sucheta] 'As we dug deep into
the JPC reports and records...'
'...it became very clear that
the Harshad Mehta scam...'
'...was a part of the bigger irregularities
in the banking system.'
'Irregularities and flaws that
Harshad didn't invent...'
'...but he misused them freely.'
'Another thing was clear.'
'Along with Harshad Mehta,
it was important to investigate banks...'
'...especially Citibank and its
brokers.'
'This was the only way to clean
the system completely.'
Sir, I agree some of our dealings
may look problematic...
...and we may have suffered
some big losses.
But let me assure you, sir...
...that none of our PMS clients or our
regular customers have lost any money.
Mr. Rao, it's not only about
profits and losses.
People have been questioning the way you
are operating in the money market.
Everyone is saying,
Citibank is a bully.
Sir, the people who are calling us
a bully...
...are the same people who probably
couldn't compete with us.
Let me refresh your memory quickly,
sir...
...of how patriotic we are...
...and what our allegiance
to this country means, to us.
1990, just two years back...
...when India was under the hammer
of US trade representative Carla Hills...
...during the balance of payments crisis.
It was I who stood strongly for India...
...against the USA threat
of trade sanctions.
If you remember, sir, we ran full-page
pro-India advertisements.
Just to show how patriotic we are.
And look, today you are
calling us foreigners.
Anyway.
I'm going to do my best and...
...I'll try and satisfy you
with our actions, sir.
I hope so.
These buffoons from the JPC must have
leaked the information to the press.
These jokers are clueless
about how business is done in India.
Now I may have handled
the Finance Minister for the time being.
But since all our documents
are under intense scrutiny...
...a press hearing can happen anytime.
But these things happen.
There's no need to worry.
In a few days, there will be a cricket
match between India and Pakistan...
...where India is going
to defeat Pakistan...
That's it. Everyone will be happy.
They will forget everything.
I don't think so.
Look, it's time for you to move on.
What are you trying to say?
- Are you asking me to resign?
- No.
I'm not asking you to resign.
You've been our star performer.
You have earned us a fortune
from the treasury department.
'I just want you to stay away
from this investigation.'
So congratulations.
You've been promoted
and moved to New York.
- You're not serious.
- I am.
And now I'm going to order
the most expensive wine on the menu.
And unfortunately, you're going to
be paying for it.
I hope you're carrying your card.
This is India.
I only deal in cash.
You're going to America
in the middle of all this?
Not for a holiday.
The management has decided this...
...and it's the best for all of us.
All of us? Ah!
Or for you and your bank?
Our offices and homes
are being raided.
They are looking into our accounts.
They even arrested me, goddamn it!
I was in jail.
- But now you're out.
- Yeah, but on bail.
Do you have any idea how many cases
they have filed against us?
I'm not sure, but not as many as
they have filed against Harshad.
So now you think this is funny?
Come on, AK! Relax.
The system is flawed.
And you can't file a case
against a system.
You can't arrest a system.
All this is going to die down soon.
Just keep a low profile.
I must go now.
Jerry is waiting for me.
But you stay in touch. All the best.
Before the Joint Parliamentary Committee,
he didn't even let Citibank go...
What will he do with us?
Wait and watch...
...when the time is right,
he'll come forward like a film hero...
...and rat us all out.
Harshad is not our enemy.
But he should know he has
a lot of enemies.
Though we can't send him back to jail,
he should always fear going back.
He should have nightmares about jail.
[doorbell ringing]
Come in. Come on.
Start, start.
- What is this? Ashwin!
- Search every bloody corner.
What's going on, sir?
We have a search warrant.
Your house is not Marine Drive,
that we have come here for a stroll.
- We have some solid information.
- What information?
What happened?
Do you know Niraj Shah?
We have met a couple of times.
A couple of times?
According to our information,
your families are very close.
You go on holidays together.
We have a common tour operator.
We met during a holiday.
Growmore handles their
investments too, right?
Maybe.
Do you have any idea
how many clients we have?
Do you have any idea that Niraj has a
narcotics business?
How would we know?
And what business he does,
how does it concern us?
Whether it concerns you or not,
we will decide that, Mr. Mehta.
But if you know anything...
...tell us voluntarily.
Or, you know
that we can make the connection.
It will have to be a made-up connection,
because in reality there is none.
Mr. Mehta, narcotics...
...is not like a share market scam.
You must have heard about COFEPOSA.
Conservation of Foreign Exchange
and Prevention of Smuggling activities Act.
If you are charged with this,
you can forget about living a normal life.
And I am not...
I am not f*****g around, okay?
[CBI officer] 'Sir, we didn't find anything.'
Oh!
It's cocaine... not snacks
that you'll find frying in the kitchen.
No one conducts narcotics business
from home.
I hope you haven't forgotten
our office.
If you remember anything,
please pay us a visit.
And if we find something,
we'll take you away.
Okay?
- Come on, everybody. Let's move.
-[Officer] 'Yes, Sir.'
Narcotics?
What is going on?
Left to them, they'll call
us terrorists next.
We should get prepared.
Now, they will regularly raid us.
We had a video camera, didn't we?
Where is it?
What will you do
with a video camera?
I'll make a film.
Harshad?
I'm recording this video because...
...if anything happens to me,
people should know who is responsible.
Swami ji has severed all
ties with us, right?
Now it's time...
...to wake that Swami from his meditation.
The government and Swami
should both know...
...that Harshad's bad luck can
also cast a shadow on them.
If they try to f*** with me...
...the whole country
will f*** them over.
I know how CBI works.
They are on Delhi's leash,
and they bark on command.
Pranav, you're a fool.
You should have brought him to me
right in the beginning.
Those foolish lawyers
who call themselves barristers...
...and don't even know how to
wear a coat properly...
Why did you have to go to them?
Ram uncle, you're
the god of the judiciary.
We felt this was too small
a matter, to trouble God with.
We didn't know this war
would drag on for so long...
...that the PMO would enter
the battlefield.
So I took God's name and
brought Harshad here.
Stop buttering me up with
this 'God' business.
All this while, you were
living on god's mercy.
But now you'll have to
work with the law.
Harshad...
...the one crore that you gave the PM...
...did you tell anyone about it?
Not yet.
- But I can prove it.
- It's my job to prove.
I'm your lawyer.
And listen, now...
...the police, CBI...
whatever they ask...
'You will not talk to them
without consulting me.'
'Do you understand?'
In 1991, between 2nd and 4th November,
you made some large withdrawals.
Ten lakh rupees from Grindlays Bank,
Fort branch.
Thirty lakhs from SBI's main branch.
And two withdrawals in Delhi
on 4th November.
Forty-five lakhs.
What were you doing with
so much cash?
I don't remember anything.
These are very old transactions.
It's a big amount, Mr. Mehta.
Try to remember.
Look, this might be a big amount for you,
not for me.
I really don't remember.
Let me know if you remember.
You shouldn't have uttered
a single word there.
Why did you let him speak?
- Don't you understand?
- But what did I say?
Didn't you say that you
don't remember anything about the money?
So 'I don't remember'
doesn't mean I said anything.
You have no idea how they can turn this
'I don't remember' into evidence.
Thank God CBI's interrogation
is not admissible in court.
Or you would have let
the PM off the hook.
Anyway.
I will take care of this Das.
How?
To Mr. KS Das, CBI Chief.
The cash withdrawals
made by my client...
...Mr. Harshad Shantilal Mehta...
...between 2nd and 4th November,
1991...
...about which CBI questioned him...
...are politically sensitive in nature...
'...and Mr. Mehta can disclose details
regarding them...'
'...only if he gets immunity
from political persecution.'
- Kiran?
- Yeah?
Did you read Business Standard's
new story?
- What story?
- They have published a letter...
...that Jethmalani wrote
to the CBI chief.
In it, he alleges that Harshad
might have paid off someone...
...very powerful in the government.
Around one crore or something.
Calls it politically sensitive.
Do you have any idea who it might be?
'So now you're creating
rumours in the press also?'
I don't take such risky short positions.
I am the big bull.
For now, I've just created a rumour.
But you never know... the Prime Minister
might lose both his value and his government...
Do you really think, if this nonsense
goes public, it will make a difference?
Do you think...
...you've been sent here
to drink orange juice?
You're here to negotiate, right?
All the cases against us
should be withdrawn.
Mr. Harshad Mehta,
we don't have a magic wand...
...which can make everything
disappear overnight.
Income tax, CBI, press,
everyone is after you...
I know... Everyone is after me.
Sometimes I feel, they'll even accuse me
of the bomb blast at BSE.
CBI is already threatening me with
COFEPOSA.
They'll charge me with TADA too.
There has to be some middle ground.
You just keep your mouth zipped.
I'll see how you can be helped.
I want it in writing.
In writing?
- Is this Mr. Jethmalani's idea?
- He's our lawyer.
Naturally, he will think
about our safety.
I want it in writing.
It's impossible to give
anything in writing.
'This is all that we can offer.'
Now you decide.
What would you like to do?
With this kind of a crowd
and this kind of a heat...
...let me put an end to all the
speculations and make it official.
The scam was encouraged...
...initiated and sustained
by the government.
The money of rupees one crore was paid
to honourable PV Narasimha Rao...
...the Prime Minister of India.
And the suitcase and the money
was left with Mr. Khandekar...
...the personal assistant
to the Prime Minister...
...at the Prime Minister's suggestion.
People don't give any human name
to scams.
But if a human name is to be given
to this scam...
...it is not the Harshad Mehta scam.
It is a PV Narasimha Rao scam.
[Music playing]